Update Getting Started with info to stay informed (#36498)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/getting-started/README.md

-   [Create a Block Theme](/docs/how-to-guides/themes/create-block-theme.md) - Learn how block themes use blocks to build templates and the theme.json to provide styles.

## Ways to Stay Informed

> New features and changes are important to keep up to date on as the Gutenberg project continues. Each person will have their own unique needs in keeping up with a project of this scale so what follows is more of a catalogue of ways to keep up rather than a recommendation for how to do so. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New features and changes are important to keep up to date on as the Gutenberg project continues. Each person will have their own unique needs in keeping up with a project of this scale. What follows is more of a catalogue of ways to keep up rather than a recommendation for how to do so. 
```

**Yearly:**

The [WordPress.org Roadmap](https://wordpress.org/about/roadmap/) with Four Phases of Gutenberg updated by project leadership. This is the highest level overview of the changes coming to WordPress.

**Quarterly:**

[Quarterly Updates](https://make.wordpress.org/updates/tag/quarterly-updates/) from Contribution Teams. These updates give an overview on what each team is working on, struggling with, and how to get involved.

**Monthly:**

> [“What’s Next In Gutenberg?” posts](https://make.wordpress.org/core/tag/gutenberg-next/). These updates are wrangled by the Core Editor team and highlight what’s planned for the coming month of work on Gutenberg, how to get involved, and more. 

Reviewer 2: I would avoid setting the expectation that these posts are a plan.

```suggestion
[“What’s Next In Gutenberg?” posts](https://make.wordpress.org/core/tag/gutenberg-next/). These updates are wrangled by the Core Editor team and highlight areas of work aligned with the Gutenberg roadmap for contributors to help, how to get involved, and more. 
```

[Block Based Themes Meeting](https://make.wordpress.org/themes/tags/block-based-meeting/). These meetings are currently wrangled in the #themereview Slack channel and are dedicated to sharing FSE changes that will specifically impact themes. Agendas and summaries are shared on the [Make Themes blog](https://make.wordpress.org/themes/). 

**Biweekly:**

> [“What’s New In Gutenberg?” posts](https://make.wordpress.org/core/tag/gutenberg-new/). These updates are wrangled by the Core Editor team and focus on what’s been released in each biweekly Gutenberg release. Currently, they tend to mimic a changelog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[“What’s New In Gutenberg?” release posts](https://make.wordpress.org/core/tag/gutenberg-new/). These updates are wrangled by the Core Editor team and focus on what’s been released in each biweekly Gutenberg release. They include the most relevant features released and a full changelog.
```

**Weekly:**

[Core Editor meetings](https://make.wordpress.org/core/tag/core-editor-summary/). These meetings are wrangled by volunteer members in the #core-editor Slack channel. [Agendas](https://make.wordpress.org/core/tag/core-editor-summary/) and [summaries](https://make.wordpress.org/core/tag/core-editor-summary/) are shared on the [Make Core blog](https://make.wordpress.org/core/). They focus on task coordination and relevant discussions around Gutenberg releases. There is an Open Floor period in each chat where people can suggest topics to discuss.

[Weekly Theme Related Gutenberg Updates](https://make.wordpress.org/themes/tags/gutenberg-themes-roundup/). These posts are focused on themes, including everything from current discussions to recent changes, as well as helpful resources for theme authors. 

**Daily:**

Checking in on [issues](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues) and [PRs](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pulls) on GitHub. This will give you a nearly real-time understanding of what’s being worked on by the developers and designers. 

> ## Additional Resources
> 
> -   [What's New in Gutenberg](https://make.wordpress.org/core/tag/gutenberg-new) - follow the Make Core blog for development news.

Reviewer 2: This section is redundant now, as the release posts are covered above.

```suggestion
```
